This little bastard must be fired
Why am I one of the trustees of the school?
What do you eat?
Anyone dares to recruit into the school
It's bringing our school down.
Let outsiders see it again
Anything dares to enter our school
I thought we were Yokichi School
Like a son, like a father
Only a jerk dad like you
To rescue such a fox son
You are fucking courting death
You were supposed to kneel down and apologize with your little bastard today
This can be solved
Now if you don't break your dog's leg
It's not over today
What are you doing?
Prove that he is not only one of the school's directors
The Zhao family is also a first-class wealthy family in the entire Yuncheng
You annoyed him
Not only Yaoyao can't go to school
I'm afraid we can't stay in Yuncheng any longer
jingxuan
It's better if you don't go to Yaoyao in this school.
Only the Zhao family
They really can't stay in Yuncheng
5 minutes to Dawn Noble Primary School
Listen to the army and clean up all these scumbags for me
But like the Zhao family
My Face
Xiao Chen
you
Hi, it's just a tip-off call.
A whistleblower call
Just want to close the school
I want the Zhao family to be wiped out
Just by you
I, Zhao Ming
I've never made such a funny joke
Hahaha
Do you know who the first team of this school is?
Huo Jingliang, the richest man in Yuncheng
How dare you close his school
Even the head of Yuncheng can't do it
My Zhao family is also a wealthy family in the number of Yunfu
Just rely on you ant
I don't even have the strength to move the bricks of my house
Company beautiful
Principal, why are you here?
Trash, who have you offended?
Yuncheng misses
personally order
Let our school be suspended indefinitely for rectification